hey YouTube fair cellphone here and
we're going to be doing an unboxing on
this unexpected gun that i received um
the thing i ordered was eight of these
pistols I needed another eight for my um
I need another 16 for my birthday party
I was going to give them out in the
goodie bags or whatever it's gone um I
got instead I got this and it's same
thing I mean I guess it's okay instead
of giving them out in a goody bag I'm
just gonna have a contest and all that
so right now this is unexpected I wanted
to be unboxing of the UK arms and I
guess I hope it's a good game it's
probably not I mean it's more I got more
for than what i pay for it i paid on the
twelve dollars i guess that's good I
mean it just looks like my gun but in a
bigger size I mean the minis but in a
bigger size wow this is heavy weight the
magazine's nice hmm so right away it's
got huge mmm the sights are okay I guess
I mean they're better than the UM then
the cruddy pistols I'm sorry I can't get
it boy they're okay
yeah I think it holds it has a weight in
it that that's like half them guns wait
um I think I might keep this gone I
don't know um so it came with these
Krabby babies um just to prove to you
out buddy there I'm gonna find a broken
baby surprisingly there is not in here
look at this one and I already see a
broken baby I don't know if we can see
that right there it's like I can't
really point to it when I'm looking at
the camera but it's right there so um
yeah alright so we got out there holds
12 rounds and it's like 200 FPS um I
don't even know where the safety is I
like wasn't here I think that's the
safety yep safety and I don't know how
to get it out Wow oh there it is okay um
it's a little just like old little knob
right here and then you push it forward
looking forward me scratch the safety on
the gun so it has a safety which means
it's not totally cheap mm I don't know I
think there's I mean maybe since I got
two of them i'll have two magazines and
I guess that'd be good to put my
tactical vest or something I don't know
which I will be doing a review i just
received that so i'm going to be doing a
review so um these are crappy uh there's
nothing really to say about them
I mean they just look like a normal
simple facebook all like crappy plastic
and none of that abs mmm yeah I wouldn't
even try like upgrading it and all that
there's no point all right so um rate
comment subscribe peace on YouTube
thanks for watching